SHECARE APP PRIVACY POLICY

SheCare App cares about your privacy. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information that is collected by shecare App and how it is used. The SheCare App only functions in conjunction with the Pulu miniscope.
Your continued use of our products and services, as well as the application of the SheCare App, constitutes your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and any updates. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy, please do not use the App.
1. Information We Collect and How We Use It
In general, you use SheCare App without submitting any personal information. In order for the App to collect the image obtained by the miniscope, the App allows   your mobile phone to connect to the miniscope via Wifi and captures a picture of your object. The images captured will be used for the sole purpose of providing you with test results. The images obtained by the App will be stored locally on your mobile phone in the App’s photo library and also in your mobile device’s general picture database.
Information provided through our website (www.en.pulumed.com, our “Website”), such as information you provide when you purchase the products, is not connected to your use of the App.
In addition, no “cookies” and similar technologies are used to gather and store technical and usage information about App users.
2. Information We Share
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of SheCare without your consent. We may, however, share the personal information we collect from you in limited circumstances, including:
•	We may disclose to our suppliers, contractors who process your personal information to provide services to us or you, for example developing or creating our App, customer service, and providing brand assistance,. In some instances, these contractors may have access to personal information, but they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of carrying out the business of SheCare.
•	We may disclose to any law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or other third party where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, in order to enforce our Terms and Conditions, or otherwise to protect our rights/property or the rights/property of any third party. This includes sharing certain information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction, if needed.
•	We may disclose to any third party that purchases, or to which we transfer, all or substantially all of our assets and business. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the entity to which we transfer your personal information uses it in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
3. How We Protect Your Information
SheCare cares about the security and confidentiality of your information. When you use the APP to connect your mobile device to the miniscope through wifi, we ask for password. Only after you enter correct password, can you mobile device be connected to the scope.  So the connection of your mobile device to the miniscope is protected and private. We also strongly require you to have a password protected device. Should you disable the password protection, any information shared, with or without your consent, as a result of an unauthorized party accessing your device, including information related to your test results, is your sole responsibility, and we shall not be liable for any injuries as a result thereof.
Additionally, we maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical security means to protect the security of the information you provide to us. However, no mobile application is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking appropriate steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
4. Privacy of Children
This App is not intended for children. By using our App, you represent that you are at least 18 years old. It is our policy not to knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 13, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to us through the App. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under 13, we will promptly remove such information from our records.
5. Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on our website or APP. Accordingly, we suggest that you check frequently to make sure that you are aware of our most recent policy and/or any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our App after we have posted notice of such amendments, alterations or updates shall constitute your acceptance of any such new or revised Privacy Policy.
6. How to Contact Us
If you have any concerns or questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at owen@pulumed.com
